damn touchdown see the smoke way with
the fence more like this and I saw the
player smoke from the landing 100
landings smoke from all right so I'm
Aaron Pelin and I just came up here
because I love airplanes and earlier I
came up here when the cirebon was
running and then I heard this on the
news that this sorry bomber crash tried
to come up here right away okay how old
are you twelve twelve and you've been
watching these planes for a while you
even know the numbers on that sort of
thing yeah my mom and dad brought me up
when I was real little where you from so
not far away
I did
so maybe they think that vehicle can
move I don't know yeah they just took a
good-sized tree now so we're not salmon
wing and it's swinging
yeah my book says 100 feet okay that's
my brother to bring down this will be
besides couldn't see the whole runway
and he came in he banked it down here
boy my bank that took a real tight come
in he got a pin help over there and he's
okay
both up really yeah copilot and pilot
one of them was a woman she wasn't
flying she was a coupon but about half a
minute after it crashed they were both
out of it